README.md, before:

Installation needed:

NodeJS (https://nodejs.org/en/) -> includes npm (package manager)

Visual Studio Code (https://code.visualstudio.com/)

Follow the installation guides

VS Code Extensions:

ESLint
Prettier
Editor Config

/Reload the window

To install the needed modules:
Open New Terminal
Run npm install

To configure Prettier on save formatting:
Click Ctrl + , (Windows)/ Cmd + , (MacOS)
It will open the settings

Type "Editor: Default Formatter"
Change it to Prettier

Type "Editor: Format on Save"
Ensure it has a checkmark

###

Naming conventions:
for component and file names -> pascal case
for instances of components -> camel case

# Getting Started with Create React App

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

The page will reload when you make changes.\
You may also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

Commit message:

final fixes in config files
Resolved conflict in prettierrc and editorconfig. Added package.json to be ignored by Prettier. Updated gitignore with node and visual studio code. Updated README.md with info about the project and structured it.

README.md, after:

About the project:

Проектът “Наръчник на първокурсника” е уеб приложение, което помага на
първокурсниците да опознаят университета.

"First-year handbook" is a web app, that helps first-year students get to know the university.
The project will implement features such as a variety of quests, map of the university, event calendar and much more.

It is being developed by students from IT Master Class 10 at University of Economics - Varna and our mentors at Dev Labs.

Prerequisites:

NodeJS (https://nodejs.org/en/) -> includes npm (package manager)

Visual Studio Code (https://code.visualstudio.com/)

//Follow the installation guides

To install the project, essentially, that's all it's needed.
Open New Terminal
Run npm install

Recommended code editor settings:

VS Code Extensions:

ESLint
Prettier
Editor Config

//Reload the window

To configure Prettier on save formatting:
Click Ctrl + , (Windows)/ Cmd + , (MacOS)
It will open the settings

Type "Editor: Default Formatter"
Change it to Prettier

Type "Editor: Format on Save"
Ensure it has a checkmark

###

Naming conventions:
for component and file names -> pascal case
for instances of components -> camel case

# Getting Started with Create React App

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

The page will reload when you make changes.\
You may also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.
